fix(css): mention null cell token on grid-template-areas page (#34054)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/grid-template-areas/index.md

}
```

> In above code a null token (`.`) has been used to keep an empty space at bottom left corner of the grid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above code, a null token (`.`) was used to create an unnamed area in the grid container, which we used to create an empty space at the bottom left corner of the grid.
```
